# Total-Deploy
Generic script for a terraform architecture based on Azure

main.tf calls the following modules:

- terraform-azure-resourcegroup
- terraform-azure-networksecuritygroup
- terraform-azure-subnet
- terraform-azure-networkinterface
- terraform-azure-networksecurityrules
- terraform-azure-virtualnetwork
- terraform-azure-virtualmachines

Of course, you'll have to install Terraform:
https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html
for it to work.

Once it is installed, all you need to do is to run CMD, then the following commands can be issued (reference from Hashicorp Terraform website and docs.microsoft.com):

az login => this command is used to log in to the azure subscription that will be used by Terraform. Must be executed before the following commands.
https://docs.microsoft.com/it-it/cli/azure/install-azure-cli
https://docs.microsoft.com/it-it/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli

terraform init => The terraform init command is used to initialize a working directory containing Terraform configuration files. This is the first command that should be run after writing a new Terraform configuration or cloning an existing one from version control. It is safe to run this command multiple times.

terraform plan => The terraform plan command is used to create an execution plan. Terraform performs a refresh, unless explicitly disabled, and then determines what actions are necessary to achieve the desired state specified in the configuration files.

terraform apply => The terraform apply command is used to apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan.

terraform destroy => The terraform destroy command is used to destroy the Terraform-managed infrastructure.

terraform show => The terraform show command is used to provide human-readable output from a state or plan file. This can be used to inspect a plan to ensure that the planned operations are expected, or to inspect the current state as Terraform sees it.

terraform import => The current implementation of Terraform import can only import resources into the state. It does not generate configuration. A future version of Terraform will also generate configuration.
Because of this, prior to running terraform import it is necessary to write manually a resource configuration block for the resource, to which the imported object will be mapped.
While this may seem tedious, it still gives Terraform users an avenue for importing existing resources.

terraform get => The terraform get command is used to download and update modules mentioned in the root module.